A bipolar detective must catch a notorious clown killer, or a small village will be submerged in hot lava. He does this by becoming a Jim Morrison impersonator and learns that a man is not old until his regrets take the place of his dreams.
An ambitious housewife must take over her buddy's insolvent tiki bar on a remote desert island, or her first-born will be sacrified by a cult. She does this by building the most amazing bridge ever and learns that a rolling stone gathers no moss.
A deliciously despicable surgeon must find a legendary magical blade, or everyone will laugh at him . He does this by organizing a meat-loaf cook-off and learns to never take anything for granted.
A slutty fisherman must rescue a litter of adorable raccoons, or he will die alone and penniless. He does this by souping up a bitchin' Camaro and learns that there's no place like home.
A clueless forensic entomologist must bring magic back to the world, or his urethra will suffer a paper-cut. He does this by creating an army and learns that if things are not as you wish, wish 'em as they are.
A decrepit watch maker must fight a horde of ninjas, or Flipper will come back as a zombie. He does this by creating a psychopathic, but omniscient, android and learns that he who digs a hole for someone, will fall in it himself.
A clueless diamond miner must rescue a litter of adorable raccoons, or his mother will die. He does this by using his mad hacking skills and discovers that every cat is black at night.
A lustful bingo manager must raise and train a reluctant service dog, or all bird-life will become extinct. He does this by memorizing the Bible and discovers that there is no luck except where there is discipline.
A cynical circus clown must develop an invisibility cloak, or Thor will be angered. He does this by organizing a meat-loaf cook-off and learns that, the deeper the waters are, the more still they run.
A smart car saleswoman must retrace her steps from a three day party at a famous designer-drug manufacturer's, or she will become an experiment for torture devices. She does this by cornering the market on Nerf guns and discovers that no man is an island.
A brave embalmer must become a benevolent warlord, or Stephen Fry will become King of England. He does this by creating an army and learns tha an apple does not fall far from the tree.
A strong disc jockey must become a Catholic priest, or he will die alone and penniless. He does this by defeating Chuck Norris in hand-to-hand combat and learns to let what is past flow away downstream.
A vegan waterslide tester must solve a horrific murder, or his school will burn down, killing all of his friends. He does this by assembling a bad-ass team of motherfuckers and discovers that if wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
An extroverted serial killer must win at FaceBook, or his urethra will suffer a paper-cut. He does this by souping up a bitchin' Camaro and learns that everyone must row with the oars he has.
A passionate embalmer must eradicate a vicious gang of horse thieves, or all bird-life will become extinct. He does this by summoning ethereal beings possessing psychokinetic powers and discovers that the smoothest way is full of stones.
A daring musician must become a Catholic priest, or Earth will lose its atmosphere. He does this by falling into a trance and learns that fortune favors the bold.
A visionary taxi driver must win at FaceBook, or his mother will die from cancer. He does this by enlisting the help a group of girls from a halfway house and learns that excuses are only for those people who are unwilling to find the solution.
A sincere civil war buff must become a benevolent warlord, or Flipper will come back as a zombie. He does this by exploding the chalet and learns that you don't get something for nothing.
An easily excited CEO of an internet start-up must fight a horde of ninjas, or he will get leprosy. He does this by enlisting the help a group of girls from a halfway house and discovers you can't judge a book by its cover.
An incompetent forensic entomologist must travel to a remote village of cannibals, or his best friends will divorce. He does this by genetically modifying the common cold and discovers that a straw will show which way the wind blows.
A virtuous apple picker must raise and train a reluctant service dog, or he will become an experiment for torture devices. He does this by becoming a master sword-fighter and learns that a friend in need is a friend indeed.
An obseqious exotic eggler must win at FaceBook, or he will become blind. He does this by making a giant statue of Che Guevara and learns that dead men tell no lies.
A miserable engineer must become an Olympic silver medallist, or television will be bad forever. He does this by defeating Chuck Norris in hand-to-hand combat and realizes that if you give someone enough rope he will hang himself.
A smart scientist must win at FaceBook, or he will get leprosy. He does this by enhancing his abilities with cybernetic implants and learns that a rolling stone gathers no moss.
A ruthless pyrotechnician must become a benevolent warlord, or he will be imprisoned on a desert island with Donald Trump. He does this by spying on his neighbours and learns that if things are not as you wish, wish 'em as they are.
An avaricious substance abuse counselor must resurrect David Bowie, or his school will burn down, killing all of his friends. He does this by forming a band of shady, but liberty-obsessed outlaws and soon discovers there's no time like the present.
An easily excited midhusband must attain single-digit body fat percentage, or the price of fish will double. He does this by making a pact with the Devil and discovers that forbidden fruit is always the sweetest.
A sophisticated zookeeper must eradicate a vicious gang of horse thieves, or television will be bad forever. He does this by holding a seance and discovers that beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
An unreliable politician must fall in love, or he will be trapped under a large sheet of ice. He does this by finding a universal symbol of every adult's lost childhood and discovers that who keeps company with wolves, will learn to howl.
A wild meter maid must join the army, or Earth will lose its atmosphere. She does this by working out on the beach every day and learns that good advice is better than gold.
A self-assured disc jockey must raise and train a reluctant service dog, or William Shatner will go to prison for a crime he didn't commit. He does this by forming a band of shady, but liberty-obsessed outlaws and learns that failure teaches you more than success.
A sophisticated musician must become a masterful illusionist, or he will go straight to hell. He does this by cornering the market on Nerf guns and discovers that no man is an island.
A conceited pilot must resurrect David Bowie, or everyone will laugh at him . He does this by making a giant statue of Che Guevara and learns that who offends writes on sand; who is offended, on marble.
A horny apple picker must escape a bizarre physical adventure game, or he will suffer third degree carpet burns. He does this by summoning ethereal beings possessing psychokinetic powers and discovers that beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
An overly rude dental hygenist must infiltrate a bizarre gang of pinball enthusiasts, or he will remain a virgin forever. He does this by organizing a meat-loaf cook-off and learns that money is not the root of all evil.
An annoying dog fluffer must manufacture a rudimentary nuclear weapon, or every child in a ten mile radius will grow an extra thumb. He does this by indulging in an over-the-top gun-fight in the Nevada desert and learns that it is better to wear out than rust out.
A naive photographer must catch a notorious clown killer, or his best friends will divorce. He does this by winning a hotdog eating contest and learns that it is better to wear out than rust out.
A troubled apple picker must eradicate a vicious gang of horse thieves, or the world will explode. He does this by enlisting the help a group of girls from a halfway house and learns that where there's a will there's a way.
A stuck-up apple picker must evade a gang of corrupt actors, or his urethra will suffer a paper-cut. He does this by spying on his neighbours and learns that a good retreat is better than a bad stand.
A smart pan-handler must battle the Dalai Lama, or he will lose his freaking mind. Literally. He does this by creating an army and learns to not make a mountain out of a mole-hill.
An overly nurturing snake milker must pretend to fall pregnant, or he will be imprisoned on a desert island with Donald Trump. He does this by becoming an expert poker player and discovers that forbidden fruit is always the sweetest.
A neophobic waterslide tester must face his strange phobia of baked goods, or he will become an experiment for torture devices. He does this by becoming a master sword-fighter and discovers that still waters run deep.
A spoiled arms dealer must win a bizarre reality television show, or a small village will be submerged in hot lava. He does this by becoming a gay superhero and learns that he who finds a friend, finds a treasure.
A terminally ill air traffic controller must attain single-digit body fat percentage, or he will be evicted. He does this by falling into a trance and discovers that beauty, unaccompanied by virtue, is as a flower without perfume.
A disorganized carnival worker must become elected to head of his PTA, or there will be no more grape Kool-Aid. He does this by creating a psychopathic, but omniscient, android and finds that curiosity really did kill the cat.
A reckless explorer must evade a gang of corrupt actors, or Flipper will come back as a zombie. He does this by travelling back in time and learns that a man is not old until his regrets take the place of his dreams.
A calm newspaper reporter must take residence in the last remaining lighthouse in Greenland, or all bird-life will become extinct. He does this by enlisting the help a group of girls from a halfway house and learns tha an apple does not fall far from the tree.
A brave carnival worker must rescue a litter of adorable raccoons, or he will die alone and penniless. He does this by enhancing his abilities with cybernetic implants and discovers that the pen is mightier than the sword.
An imaginary college professor must retrace his steps from a three day party at a famous designer-drug manufacturer's, or his mother will die. He does this by exploding the chalet and learns that you reap what you sow.
A decrepit meter maid must break out of a mental asylum, or she will lose all memory of faces. She does this by souping up a bitchin' Camaro and learns that a fool says what he knows, and a wise man knows what he says.
